c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll.config
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.pdb
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.dll
c:\users\s25-r1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.pdb
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll.config
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.pdb
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\WCF\ДоПасхи\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.pdb
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll.config
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.pdb
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.dll
C:\Users\s25-r1\Desktop\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.pdb
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll.config
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.pdb
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\EnterFormNew\Проекти 19,04\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.pdb
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll.config
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.pdb
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.dll
C:\Users\Ruslanchik\Desktop\PMProject\MyShop\WcfShopService\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.pdb
